Job Description, ClickHouse QA Engineer, Core Database
QA Engineer - Core Database (Remote)
About ClickHouse: Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and
fast-growing private cloud companies, with more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250
percent year over year. ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and
AI workloads, validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Customers include Meta, Cursor, Sony, Tesla,
Capital One, and Airwallex.
About the Team: The Core Engineering team is responsible for working on the beloved ClickHouse open-source
project while working cross-functionally across engineering and product teams as we develop and expand our
Cloud service offering. We are seeking a Senior Software Quality Engineer who will focus on improving the
efficiency and quality of both our open-source and cloud offerings. You will build out automation of critical
operational functions that ensure ClickHouse Cloud operates smoothly worldwide and at our massive scale. The
ideal candidate is someone with strong technical skills and a background in release engineering.
What will you do? Build and enhance test automation frameworks and develop automated test cases. Try out
new features and ensure they land smoothly in Production. Test cross-functional implementations across internal
teams at ClickHouse. Implement new testing strategies and automation for large and complex distributed
systems. Evaluate the new functionality of ClickHouse for each release, and identify opportunities in the existing
codebase for improvement. Engineer and improve existing testing infrastructure.
About you: Extensive knowledge of SQL. Previously worked in a similar SDET, Release Engineering, or QA role
related to a classical database or distributed system. Have hands-on experience with any programming language
(Python, Go, C++). Can read C++ code for validation. Working knowledge of Git, Linux and shell scripting.
Experience with both manual testing and automation testing. Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively,
including with remote teams. Ability to learn complex technology quickly in a fast-paced, team-driven
environment. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within and across engineering teams.
Strong problem-solver with solid production debugging skills. You thrive in a fast-paced environment and see
yourself as a partner with the business.
Compensation: The typical starting salary for this role in the US is $141,000 to $208,000 USD; in US Premium
Markets $157,000 to $230,000 USD. Perks include a globally distributed remote-friendly environment, equity,
flexible time off, and a home office stipend.
